Update FAQ (#418)
openebs/openebs-docs: docs/FAQ.md

## Why ‘OpenEBS_logical_size’ and ‘OpenEBS_actual_used’ are showing in different size?

The `OpenEBS_logical_size` and `OpenEBS_actual_used` parameters will start showing different sizes when there are replica node restarts and internal snapshots are created for synchronizing replicas.

## What must be the disk mount status on Node for provisioning OpenEBS volume?

> 

Reviewer: cureently  = currently

> The ‘OpenEBS_logical_size’ and ‘OpenEBS_actual_used’ will start showing different sizes when there are replica node restarts and internal snapshots are created for synchronizing replicas.

Reviewer: The ‘OpenEBS_logical_size’ and ‘OpenEBS_actual_used’ parameters????

> ## What could be the disk mount status on Node for provisioning OpenEBS volume?

Reviewer: What could = What must

> OpenEBS have cureently two storage Engine,Jiva and cStor which can used to provision volume. Jiva requires the disk to be mounted (i.e., attached, formatted with a fs & mounted) and cStor can consume disks that are attached (are visible to OS as SCSI devices) by creating a pool with these disks.

Reviewer 2: currently

> OpenEBS have cureently two storage Engine,Jiva and cStor which can used to provision volume. Jiva requires the disk to be mounted (i.e., attached, formatted with a fs & mounted) and cStor can consume disks that are attached (are visible to OS as SCSI devices) by creating a pool with these disks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenEBS have currently two storage Engine, Jiva and cStor which can be used to provision volume. Jiva requires the disk to be mounted (i.e., attached, formatted with a filesystem and mounted) and cStor can consume disks that are attached (are visible to OS as SCSI devices) by creating a pool with these disks.
```

Reviewer: OpenEBS currently has two storage engines, Jiva and cStor...
